1. First create s3 Bucket for storing terraform state on AWS
2. Create DynamoDB Table for locking Terraform state
3. Create and clone a repository for storing terraform modules on GitHub
4. Create Terraform Module for VPC
5. Create and clone a Terraform infrastructure repository on GitHub
6. Create Terraform Provider under Terraform infrastructure
7. Create Terraform Backend under Terraform infrastructure
8. Create main.tf under Terraform infrastructure and add vpc module created above. . Also add to variables and tfvars 
9. Create Terraform Module for NAT Gateway for your VPC
10. Create main.tf under Terraform infrastructure and add NAT Gateway module created above. . Also add to variables 
11. Create Terraform Module for security groups
12. Add security group created above to main.tf under Terraform infrastructure. Also add to variables and tfvars 
13. Create Terraform Module for RDS
14. Add RDS created above to main.tf under Terraform infrastructure. Also add to variables and tfvars
15. Create Terraform Module for Amazon Certificate Manager
16. setup SSL certificate created to main.tf under Terraform infrastructure. Also add to variables and tfvars
17. Create Terraform Module for Application Load Balancer
18. Add Application Load Balancer created above to main.tf under Terraform infrastructure. Also add to variables and tfvars
19. Create Terraform Module for S3 bucket
20. Add S3 bucket created above to main.tf under Terraform infrastructure. Also add to variables and tfvars
21. Create Terraform Module for Task Execution Role
22. Add Task Execution Role (ECS Task Role) created above to main.tf under Terraform infrastructure. 
23. Create Terraform Module for ecs cluster, task definition and service. 
24. Add ecs cluster, task definition and service to main.tf under Terraform infrastructure. Also add to variables and tfvars
25. Create Terraform Module for ecs auto scalling group.
26. Add ecs auto scalling group to main.tf under Terraform infrastructure. 
27. Create Terraform Module for Route 53.
28. Add Route 53 to main.tf under Terraform infrastructure. Also add to variables and tfvars
27. Create Terraform Module for SNS.
28. Add SNS to main.tf under Terraform infrastructure. Also add to variables and tfvars
29. finally add Print the website url
